---
layout: post
category: 工具
title: 英语回答
---


## 自我介绍

Good morning, I am very glad to be here for this interview. I’m mafulong, majoring in computer science in central south university, come from Ji Lin. At present, I’m ranking eleven of percentage, and passed the College English Test-6, my weighted score is about 90.5 and I’m sure I can gain the postgraduate recommendation from my university. Compared with the getting a high GPA, I value it more about the practical ability. Then I wanna talk about my experience of research, competitions, projects. As for the research experience, as the first author, I published a SCI paper with the title 《A Time and Location Correlation Incentive Scheme for Deeply Data Gathering in Crowdsourcing Networks》，the main content is about the incentive mechanism of participatory sensing. In this paper, two algorithms are proposed to solve the problem of uneven distribution of sensed data in time and space. I mainly use matlab, origin, visio. Last, it about twenty-two pages. Regarding the competition, I won the provincial first prize for mathematical modeling and others, these can be found in my resume. In terms of projects, all of my school's programming courses are excellent. There is a hotel management system, jsp+servlet+mysql, the front-end is semantic. Another project I want say is the simulation of the operating system's process scheduling and memory scheduling, used the C++, priority queue, and Qt framework. The link of my github is in my blog which’s address is mafulong.top. 

In addition, as for my character, I consider myself as a determined and discreet person with a strong sense of responsibility. As a monitor and student clerk for about there years, I know the importance of responsibility and attitude. I can do anything well with a good attitude. Moreover, I am always willing to achieve higher goals, and seek for a challenging life. 

Although I have broad interests in many aspects and grasp the essential knowledge of the major, but I think at present, I can do many things in a superficial level, but not be competent to do things professionally owing to lack of ample knowledge and ability. So I think further study is still urgent for me to realize self-value. Last, I will do my best to join the new group and be good at postgraduate study. I’m eager to be admitted to the University and join the research, I wish my dream will soon come true.

OK, that’s all. Thank you very much.

## 学校

Central South University is located in Changsha, Hunan Province. It is a 985 university and it was founded in 2000. The former principal was Zhang Yuxue. The current principal of the school is Tian Hongqi. The school motto is practical, and there are several campuses, such as the headquarters, the new campus, and the railway campus. Behind the Yuelu Mountain, there is a beautiful scenery, as well as the Swan Lake, there are many white swan black swan, and even some TV dramas are also filmed in our school. Compared with other places in the school, I prefer to eat and live in the school. In terms of eating, there are many canteens, and the dishes are so many and cheap, which is full of praise. About the school’s living, in terms of the undergraduate. There are four students in a dormitory with air conditioning and a separate bathroom. The school encourages competition and innovation, and has established many related competitions. The participation of students is also very high. In a word, I like my university very much. Here, I have laid a solid foundation for my study. Ok. That’s all. Thank you.

## 家乡

I come from Linjiang City of Jilin Province, which is in the northeast of China. Linjiang is named for the Yalu River. The another side of the Yalu River is North Korea. Therefore, there are rich water resources because of the yalu river. There are also some beautiful scenery, famous attractions such as Jinyinxia, Xianren Cave, and so on. The population here is small, but people are very easy-going. In addition, compare with other cities, the prices of the city are very low, even no subways. When I was in high school, I went to another place. To some extent, it is another hometown. In Jiangyuan District of Baishan City, which is the hometown of black fungus in China, the hometown of Songhua Stone in Jiangyuan District, you may find special stones in the mountains. There is also a stone pavilion that exhibits a wide variety of stones and corresponding prices. These two places are located in the eastern part of Jilin Province, so the winter is long, cold, and the frost comes early. I really like my hometown and I hope my hometown can get better. OK. That’s all. Thank you.

## 家庭

I come from Linjiang City, Jilin Province. There are 4 people in my family. My parents and my sister, my sister is now married who is 9 years older than me. She has a daughter and even her daughter already in the first grade. My parents don't have a high diploma, making a living by selling fish. Compared with that my father is very strict with me, my mother is very gentle to me. Anyway, I am very grateful to my parents. OK. That’s all. Thank you.

## 爱好

I have many hobbies, such as swimming, playing tennis, reading, Watching American TV and running in the night. I think hobbies can make my life colorful. Besides, having some hobbies can bring knowledge to me. For example, reading is a good way to get knowledge. So I also like to get knowledge in the library, but not what I learned in class. A book I read recently is 《java concurrency》. I can not learn all from class, so reading can bring me other knowledge. They can help me to improve myself. I spend the most time watching American TV. The American dramas I have seen include Old Friends, How I meet your mother, Big Bang, Little Shelton, Agent Carter, SHIELD Agent, Game of Thrones, Broke Girls. OK. That’s all. Thank you.

